[Term Entry] PHP String Function: html_entity_decode() (#3900)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/string-functions/terms/html-entity-decode/html-entity-decode.md

---
Title: 'PHP html_entity_decode() Function'

> Description: 'The html_entity_decode() function converts HTML entities to characters.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Converts HTML entities to characters.'
```

Subjects: 

> - 'PHP'

Reviewer: PHP is not present here in [subjects](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). Choose something that's present in the subject, please.

---
Title: 'PHP html_entity_decode() Function'
Description: 'Converts HTML entities to characters.'
Subjects: 
- 'Web Design'
- 'Web Development'
Tags:
- 'Functions'
- 'Characters'
CatalogContent:

> - 'php/concepts/string-functions/terms/html-entity-decode'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'php/concepts/string-functions/terms/html-entity-decode'
---
```
Close the meta data after this please

Author: There are: '---' below your comment. Let me know if this is enough.

> ## About this function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No need to create this as heading

> html_entity_decode() is the opposite of htmlentities() in that it converts HTML entities in the string to their corresponding characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`html_entity_decode()`** is the opposite of **`htmlentities()`** in that it converts HTML entities in the string to their corresponding characters.
```

> ## SyntaxSection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax

```

```pseudo

> html_entity_decode(str, flags, character-set)

Reviewer: add closing tag after this **```**

Author: There are ``` below your comment.

> 

Reviewer: explain what is `str`, `flags` and `charater-set` in the above syntax code.

Author: @dakshdeepHERE There is an explanation above the line: "## Example". Is it enough or I did not underestand?

> ##Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##Example:

```

```php
<?php
$orig = "dog";
$a = htmlentities($orig);
$b = html_entity_decode($a);
echo $a;
echo "\n";
echo $b;

> ?>

Reviewer: add the closing tag after this please like ```

Author: I see it in my version below the line: "?>"?

> ## Codebyte Example (if applicable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

> We can currently support:
> - PHP
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The readers don't need info about this

```codebyte/php
# Example runnable code block.
<?php
$str = "Albert Einstein said: &#039;E=MC&sup2;&#039;";
echo html_entity_decode($str, ENT_QUOTES); // Converts double and single quotes

> ?>

Reviewer: add closing tag ```

Author: @dakshdeepHERE It is below your comment.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> Title: 'PHP html_entity_decode() Function'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.html_entity_decode()'
```

Author: @dakshdeepHERE Implemented.

Description: 'Converts HTML entities to characters.'
Subjects: 
- 'Web Design'
- 'Web Development'
Tags:
- 'Functions'
- 'Characters'
CatalogContent:
- 'php/concepts/string-functions/terms/html-entity-decode'
---

**'html_entity_decode()'** is the opposite of **'htmlentities()'** in that it converts HTML entities in the string to their corresponding characters.

## Syntax
```pseudo
html_entity_decode(str, flags, character-set)
```

> - 'string - Required. Specifies the string to decode'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **string:** Specifies the string to decode
```

Author: @dakshdeepHERE Done.

> - 'flags - Optional. Specifies how to handle quotes and which document type to use.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **flags:**  These are optional which specifies how to handle quotes and which document type to use.
```

Author: @dakshdeepHERE Done.

> - c'haracter-set - Optional. A string that specifies which character-set to use.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **character-set:** These are optional that specify which character-set to use.
```

Author: @dakshdeepHERE Changed.

## Example

> ```php

Reviewer: Add a small introductory sentence above this code example which can give a rough idea for the below code example.

Author: @dakshdeepHERE Resolved.

<?php
$orig = "dog";
$a = htmlentities($orig);
$b = html_entity_decode($a);
echo $a;
echo "\n";
echo $b;
?>
```

> 

Reviewer: Add an output block after this example. Like this:
```shell 
output
```
<img width="106" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/assets/94860622/b4f808fa-2284-4899-b7c7-e5138e82ff49">

Author: @dakshdeepHERE Added.

---

> Title: '.html_entity_decode()'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Title: 'html_entity_decode()'
```

Author: @SSwiniarski Done.

Description: 'Converts HTML entities to characters.'
Subjects: 
- 'Web Design'
- 'Web Development'
Tags:
- 'Functions'
- 'Characters'
CatalogContent:
- 'learn-php'
- 'paths/computer-science'
---

> **'html_entity_decode()'** is the opposite of **'htmlentities()'** in that it converts HTML entities in the string to their corresponding characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**'html_entity_decode()'** is the opposite of [**'htmlentities()'**](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/php/string-functions/htmlentities) in that it converts HTML entities in the string to their corresponding characters.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
html_entity_decode(str, flags, character-set)
```
- **string:** - Specifies the string to decode
- **flags:** - Specifies how to handle quotes and which document type to use.
- **character-set:** These are optional strings that specify which character-set to use.

## Example

> The below example takes value for `$orig`. Assign to `$a` value of `$orig` using `htmlentities()`. Decodes it using `html_entity_decode()` and assigning it to `$b`. Show values for Both, `$a` and `$b`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below example takes value for `$orig` and assigns it to `$a` using `htmlentities()`. Then it decodes it using `html_entity_decode()` and assigns it to `$b`. It then shows values for both `$a` and `$b`:
```

```php
<?php
$orig = "dog";
$a = htmlentities($orig);
$b = html_entity_decode($a);
echo $a;
echo "\n";
echo $b;
?>
```

The above example generates the following output:

```shell
dog
dog
```

## Codebyte Example

> 

Reviewer 2: Instead of comment within the code, give an introductory sentence summarizing what the code block does.

Author: @SSwiniarski Resolved.
